feat(curriculum): add business card lab (#55492)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-business-card/6690e10ebe2181212abc9652.md

---
id: 6690e10ebe2181212abc9652

> title: Design a Business Card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Build a Business Card
```

Reviewer 2: Do we want to strictly use "Build a (project)"? I kinda liked "Design" here, but I'm maybe we want to just stick with "Build" for consistency.

Reviewer 3: I was thinking about this and here are my two cents

For all HTML, JS, React /Typescript, and Backend labs it should use the Build naming convention.
For select CSS labs, where appropriate, it is fine if it is Design X naming convention

challengeType: 14
dashedName: lab-business-card
---

# --description--

**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 

**User Stories:**

1. You should link the style sheet `styles.css` using the `link` tag in the `head` section of the HTML file.
1. Your page background should be `rosybrown`. The overall font should be `Arial`, with a fallback of `sans-serif`.   
1. All of the `p` elements should have a top and bottom margin of `5px`.
1. All links on the page should have a default of no underline. When you hover over the links, there should be an underline.
1. You should have a `div` with the class `business-card`. 
1. The `business-card` class should be `300px` wide and it should have any background color of your choice. There should be a padding of `20px` all around and a top margin of `100px`. The text should be center aligned and the font size should be `16px`. The left and right margins should be set to `auto`.

> 1. Inside the `buisness-card` div, there should be an `img` element with the class `profile-image`. You can set the image source to `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/flower.jpg` if you like. There should be an `alt` with a meaningful description.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. Inside the `business-card` div, there should be an `img` element with the class `profile-image`. You can set the image source to `https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/labs/flower.jpg` if you like. There should be an `alt` with a meaningful description.
```

```

Your `.business-card` class should have a padding of `20px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('padding'), '20px');
```

Your `.business-card` class should have a margin of `100px` from the top.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('margin-top'), '100px');
```

The text inside the `.business-card` class should be center-aligned.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('text-align'), 'center');
```

The font size of the text inside the `.business-card` class should be `16px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('font-size'), '16px');
```

The left and right margins of the `.business-card` class should be set to `auto`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('margin-left'), 'auto');
```

Inside the `.business-card` class, there should be an `img` element with the class `profile-image`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('img.profile-image'));
```

> The image source should be set to a valid image.

Reviewer: Once `img.profile-image`  is created this is always satisfied, even if you don't set the `src`.
I would check the length of the attribute instead.

Author: It should work now.

```js
assert.match(document.querySelector('.profile-image').getAttribute('src'),/.+/);
```

The `alt` attribute of the image should be set to a meaningful description.

```js
assert.isAbove($('img')[0].alt.length, 0);
```

> Inside the `.business-card` class, after the `img` element, there should be a `p` element with the class `full-name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `.business-card` element, after the `img` element, there should be a `p` element with the class `full-name`.
```

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('hr').getPropVal('border-top'), '1px dashed slategray');
```

After the first `hr` element, there should be a `p` element with an email address as your text.

```js
assert.isAbove($('.business-card hr + p')[0].innerText.length, 0);
```

After the email `p` element, there should be another `p` element with a phone number as your text.

```js
assert.match(document.querySelectorAll(".business-card p")[4].textContent,/.+/);
```

After the phone number `p` element, there should be an `a` element with the text `Portfolio` 

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('.business-card a').textContent, 'Portfolio');
```

Your portfolio `a` element should have a valid `href`.

```js
assert.isAbove($('.business-card a')[0].href.length, 0);
```

After the `a` element containing your portfolio, there should be another `hr` element as a divider.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('a + hr'));
```

After the second `hr` element, there should be a `div` element with the class `social-media`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.business-card div.social-media'));
```

> Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `h2` element with the text `Connect with me`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `.social-media` element, there should be an `h2` element with the text `Connect with me`.
```

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('.social-media h2').textContent, 'Connect with me');
```

> Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `Twitter` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `.social-media` element, there should be an `a` element with the text `Twitter`.
```

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelectorAll(".social-media a")[0].textContent, 'Twitter');
```

The Twitter `href` should point to a valid link.

```js
assert.isAbove($('.social-media a')[0].getAttribute('href').length, 0);
```

> Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `LinkedIn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `.social-media` element, there should be an `a` element with the text `LinkedIn`.
```

```js

assert.equal(document.querySelectorAll(".social-media a")[1].textContent, 'LinkedIn');
```

The LinkedIn `href` should point to a valid link.

```js
assert.isAbove($('.social-media a')[1].getAttribute('href').length, 0);
```

> Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `GitHub`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the `.social-media` element, there should be an `a` element with the text `GitHub`.
```

---
id: 6690e10ebe2181212abc9652
title: Design a Business Card
challengeType: 14
dashedName: design-a-business-card
demoType: onClick
---

# --description--

> **Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. **Do not copy this demo project**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.
```
As I understand we are not going to add that in the description of each project.

Reviewer 2: I'm going to commit this so we can get this merged. I don't think any of the other projects have it. We can go through and make sure they are consistent later as well.

**User Stories:**

1. You should link the style sheet `styles.css` using the `link` tag in the `head` section of the HTML file.
1. Your page background should be `rosybrown`. The overall font should be `Arial`, with a fallback of `sans-serif`.   
1. All of the `p` elements should have a top and bottom margin of `5px`.

> 1. All links on the page should have a default of no underline. When you hover over the links, there should be an underline.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
1. By default, all links on the page should not be underlined. When you hover over the links, they should be underlined.
```
The first sentence implied (to me) that "no underline" was a property that the links could have.

---
id: 6690e10ebe2181212abc9652
title: Design a Business Card
challengeType: 14
dashedName: lab-business-card
---

# --description--

> **Objective:** Design a Business card that looks similar to <a href="https://codepen.io/rancid_beet/full/ExBaJdw" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow">https://business-card.freecodecamp.rocks</a>. Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Objective:** Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab. 
```
To keep the same format in all labs.

13. You should have another `div` with the class `social-media`. This div should have a top margin of `10px` and a font size of `14px`. The links inside this div should be `maroon` and should have a margin of `10px` all around. Within this class, there should be an `h2` element with the text `Connect with me`. 
14. Inside the `social-media` div, there should be three `a` elements. The `a` elements should have the text `Twitter`, `LinkedIn` and `GitHub` respectively with links to valid websites.

# --hints--

Your page background color should be `rosybrown`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('body').getPropVal('background-color'), 'rosybrown');
```

Your page font should be set to `Arial` with a fallback of `sans-serif`.

```js
assert.strictEqual(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('body').getPropVal('font-family'), 'Arial, sans-serif');
```

Your `p` elements should have a top and bottom margin of `5px` and a left and right margin of `0px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('p').getPropVal('margin'), '5px 0px');
```

> The links of the page should have no underline by default 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The links of the page should have no underline by default.
```

```

Your `.business-card` class should have a margin of `100px` from the top.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('margin-top'), '100px');
```

The text inside the `.business-card` class should be center-aligned.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('text-align'), 'center');
```

The font size of the text inside the `.business-card` class should be `16px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('font-size'), '16px');
```

The left and right margins of the `.business-card` class should be set to `auto`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.business-card').getPropVal('margin-left'), 'auto');
```

Inside the `.business-card` class, there should be an `img` element with the class `profile-image`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('img.profile-image'));
```

The image source should be set to a valid image.

```js
assert.match(document.querySelector('.profile-image').getAttribute('src'),/.+/);
```

> The `alt` attribute of the image should be set to a meaningful description.

Reviewer: It always pass.

```

The image size should be `150px by 150px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.profile-image').getPropVal('width'), '150px');
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.profile-image').getPropVal('height'), '150px');
```

The bottom margin of the image should be `10px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.profile-image').getPropVal('margin-bottom'), '10px');
```

There should be a `2px` solid `lightgray` border around the image.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.profile-image').getPropVal('border'), '2px solid lightgray');
```

Inside the `.business-card` class, after the `img` element, there should be a `p` element with the class `full-name`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.business-card p.full-name'));
```

After the `full-name` `p` element, there should be a `p` element with the class `designation`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.business-card p.designation'));
```

After the `designation` `p` element, there should be a `p` element with the class `company`.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.business-card p.company'));
```

> The first `p` element with the class `full-name` should contain your name.

Reviewer: It always pass.

```js
assert.match(document.querySelector('p.full-name')?.textContent, /.+/);
```

The first `p` element with the class `full-name` should have a font size of `24px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.full-name').getPropVal('font-size'), '24px');
```

The font color of the first `p` element with the class `full-name` should be `darkslategray`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.full-name').getPropVal('color'), 'darkslategray');
```

> The second `p` element with the class `designation` should contain your designation.

Reviewer: It always pass

```js
assert.match(document.querySelector('p.designation')?.textContent, /.+/);
```

The second `p` element with the class `designation` should have a font size of `18px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.designation').getPropVal('font-size'), '18px');
```

The font color of the second `p` element with the class `designation` should be `gray`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.designation').getPropVal('color'), 'gray');
```

> The third `p` element with the class `company` should contain your company name.

Reviewer: It always pass

```

The third `p` element with the class `company` should have a font size of `16px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.company').getPropVal('font-size'), '16px');
```

The font color of the third `p` element with the class `company` should be `darkgray`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.company').getPropVal('color'), 'darkgray');
```

After the third `p` element with the class `company`, there should be an `hr` element.

```js
assert.exists(document.querySelector('p.company + hr'));
```

The `hr` elements should have a `1px` dashed top border in `slategray` color.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('hr').getPropVal('border-top'), '1px dashed slategray');
```

The `hr` elements should have a top and bottom margin of `20px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('hr').getPropVal('margin'), '20px 0px');
```

The `hr` elements should have a top and bottom margin of `20px` and a left and right margin of `0px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('hr').getPropVal('margin'), '20px 0px');
```

> After the first `hr` element, there should be a `p` element with an email address as your text.

Reviewer: It always pass

```js
assert.match(document.querySelector('hr + p')?.textContent, /.+/);
```

After the email `p` element, there should be another `p` element with a phone number as your text.

```js
assert.match(document.querySelectorAll(".business-card p")[4].textContent,/.+/);
```

After the phone number `p` element, there should be an `a` element with the text `Portfolio` 

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('.business-card a').textContent, 'Portfolio');
```

> Your portfolio `a` element should have a valid `href`.

Reviewer: It always pass

assert.exists(document.querySelector('div.business-card div.social-media'));
```

The `.social-media` class should have a top margin of `10px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.social-media').getPropVal('margin-top'), '10px');
```

The `.social-media` class should have a font size of `14px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.social-media').getPropVal('font-size'), '14px');
```

The links inside the `.social-media` class should be `maroon`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.social-media a').getPropVal('color'), 'maroon');
```

The links inside the `.social-media` class should have a margin of `10px`.

```js
assert.equal(new __helpers.CSSHelp(document).getStyle('.social-media a').getPropVal('margin'), '10px');
```

Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `h2` element with the text `Connect with me`.

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelector('.social-media h2').textContent, 'Connect with me');
```

Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `Twitter` 

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelectorAll(".social-media a")[0].textContent, 'Twitter');
```

> The Twitter `href` should point to a valid link.

Reviewer: It always pass

```js
const paragraphs = document.querySelectorAll('a');
const twitterP = Array.from(paragraphs).find(a => a.textContent.includes('Twitter'));
assert.match(twitterP?.href, /.+/);
```

Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `LinkedIn`.

```js

assert.equal(document.querySelectorAll(".social-media a")[1].textContent, 'LinkedIn');
```

> The LinkedIn `href` should point to a valid link.

Reviewer: It always pass

```js
const anchors = document.querySelectorAll('a');
const linkedInA = Array.from(anchors).find(a => a.textContent.includes('LinkedIn'));
assert.match(linkedInA?.href, /.+/);
```

Inside the `.social-media` class, there should be an `a` element with the text `GitHub`

```js
assert.equal(document.querySelectorAll(".social-media a")[2].textContent, 'GitHub');
```

> The GitHub `href` should point to a valid link.

Reviewer: It always pass
